README.md, before:

# fall-2016-core-documents

### Repository Contents
This repository contains files for:
  - dss-02-syllabus.pdf
  - LICENSE.md
  - README.md

### Fall 2016 - Plots & Figures in `R`
This is the second edition of the SLU Data Science Seminar (DSS). This semester is focused on using `R` to produce plots and figures of your data. We'll pay particular attention to a well-known graphics package named [`ggplot2`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ggplot2). Along the way, we'll also provide you with an overview of the nuts and bolts of `R`.

### About the SLU Data Science Seminar
The SLU Data Science Seminar (DSS) is a collaborative, interdisciplinary group focused on building data science skills for students in the social sciences and humanities using open-source software and tools. The SLU DSS is co-organized by [Christina Gacia, Ph.D.](mailto:garciacm@slu.edu), [Kelly Lovejoy, Ph.D.](mailto:lovejoykg@slu.edu), and [Christopher Prener, Ph.D.](mailto:prenercg@slu.edu}).

### About Saint Louis University
[Saint Louis University](http://wwww.slu.edu) is a Catholic, Jesuit institution that values academic excellence, life-changing research, compassionate health care, and a strong commitment to faith and service. Founded in 1818, the University fosters the intellectual and character development of more than 13,000 students on two campuses in St. Louis and Madrid, Spain. Building on a legacy of nearly 200 years, Saint Louis University continues to move forward with an unwavering commitment to a higher purpose, a greater good.

Commit message:

Added note about seminar wiki

README.md, after:

# fall-2016-core-documents

### Repository Contents
This repository contains files for:
  - dss-02-syllabus.pdf
  - LICENSE.md
  - README.md

### Seminar Wiki
We'll be using [GitHub's wiki tool](https://help.github.com/articles/about-github-wikis/) to create jotters for each week. These will be our notes about what we talk about, and will also include some additional examples and helpful tricks. You can find the wiki by going to the [homepage]() or clicking on the 'Wiki' tab in this repository.

### Fall 2016 - Plots & Figures in `R`
This is the second edition of the SLU Data Science Seminar (DSS). This semester is focused on using `R` to produce plots and figures of your data. We'll pay particular attention to a well-known graphics package named [`ggplot2`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ggplot2). Along the way, we'll also provide you with an overview of the nuts and bolts of `R`.

### About the SLU Data Science Seminar
The SLU Data Science Seminar (DSS) is a collaborative, interdisciplinary group focused on building data science skills for students in the social sciences and humanities using open-source software and tools. The SLU DSS is co-organized by [Christina Gacia, Ph.D.](mailto:garciacm@slu.edu), [Kelly Lovejoy, Ph.D.](mailto:lovejoykg@slu.edu), and [Christopher Prener, Ph.D.](mailto:prenercg@slu.edu}).

### About Saint Louis University
[Saint Louis University](http://wwww.slu.edu) is a Catholic, Jesuit institution that values academic excellence, life-changing research, compassionate health care, and a strong commitment to faith and service. Founded in 1818, the University fosters the intellectual and character development of more than 13,000 students on two campuses in St. Louis and Madrid, Spain. Building on a legacy of nearly 200 years, Saint Louis University continues to move forward with an unwavering commitment to a higher purpose, a greater good.
